LICENSE
README.md
setup.py
pydoda/__init__.py
pydoda/category.py
pydoda/custom_category.py
pydoda/loader.py
pydoda/old.py
pydoda/py_doda.py
pydoda/sentence.py
pydoda/utils.py
pydoda.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pydoda.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pydoda.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pydoda.egg-info/requires.txt
pydoda.egg-info/top_level.txt
pydoda/dataset/LICENSE
pydoda/dataset/README.md
pydoda/dataset/imagenet_b_darija.csv
pydoda/dataset/images/doda_logo.png
pydoda/dataset/images/video_img.png
pydoda/dataset/images/wordcloud.png
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/02.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/03.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/04.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/05.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/06.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/07.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/08.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/09.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/10.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/11.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/12.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/15.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/16.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/17.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/18.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/19.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/20.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/21.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/22.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/23.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/24.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/35.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/36.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/37.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/38.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/39.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/40.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/41.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/42.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/43.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/44.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/45.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/46.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/49.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/51.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/59.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/62.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/67.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/70.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/71.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/72.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/73.csv
pydoda/dataset/ongoing/74.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/animals.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/art.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/clothes.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/colors.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/economy.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/education.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/emotions.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/environment.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/family.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/femalenames.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/food.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/health.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/humanbody.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/malenames.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/numbers.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/places.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/plants.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/professions.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/religion.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/sport.csv
pydoda/dataset/semantic categories/time.csv
pydoda/dataset/sentences/sentences.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/(in)definite.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/adjectives.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/adverbs.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/conjug_past.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/conjug_present.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/imperatives.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/masculine_feminine_plural.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/nouns.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/prepositions.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/pronouns.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/verb-to-noun.csv
pydoda/dataset/syntactic categories/verbs.csv
pydoda/dataset/x-tra/idioms.csv
pydoda/dataset/x-tra/proverbs.csv
pydoda/dataset/x-tra/shorts.csv
pydoda/dataset/x-tra/utils.csv
pydoda/dataset/x-tra/weird.csv
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_category.py
tests/test_py_doda.py